Country and world
=================

If economic globalisation is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity
rather than the interests of trans-national corporations. 

I'd always support my country, whether it was right or wrong. 

No one chooses their country of birth, so it's foolish to be proud of it. 

Our race has many superior qualities. 

The enemy of my enemy is my friend. 

Military action that defies international law is sometimes justified. 

The growing fusion between information and entertainment is a worrying
contribution to the public's shrinking attention span.


Economy
=======

People are ultimately divided more by class than by nationality. 

Controlling inflation is more important than controlling unemployment. 

Corporations cannot be trusted to voluntarily respect the environment. 

From each according to his ability, to each according to his need is a
fundamentally good idea. 

It's a sad reflection on our society that something as basic as drinking water
is now a bottled, branded consumer product. 

Land shouldn't be a commodity to be bought and sold. 

Many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and
contribute nothing to their society. 

Protectionism is sometimes necessary in trade. 

The only social responsibility of a company should be to deliver a profit to
its shareholders. 

The rich are too highly taxed. 

Those with the ability to pay should have the right to higher standards of
medical care. 

Governments should penalise businesses that mislead the public. 

The freer the market, the freer the people.


Personal social
===============

Abortion, when the mother's life is not threatened, should always be illegal. 

All authority must be questioned. 

An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. 

Taxpayers should not be expected to prop up any theatres or museums that cannot
survive on a commercial basis. 

Education should involve enabling children to develop their own personality. 

Everyone has their rights, but it is better for all of us that different sorts
of people should keep to their own kind. 

Good parents sometimes have to spank their children, to teach them right from
wrong. 

It's natural for children to keep some secrets from their parents. 

Marijuana should be legalised. 

The function of schooling is to equip the future generation to find jobs. 

Significantly physically disabled people should not be allowed to reproduce. 

The most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline. 

There are no savage and civilised peoples; there are only different cultures. 

Those who are able to work, and refuse the opportunity, should not expect
society's support. 

When you are troubled, it's better not to think about it, but to keep busy with
more cheerful things. 

First-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new
country. 

What's good for the most successful corporations is always, ultimately, good
for all of us. 

No broadcasting institution, however independent its content, should receive
public funding.


Society
=======

Social freedom should be the priority of government. 

A significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids all the
arguments that delay progress in a democratic political system. 

Although the electronic age makes official surveillance easier, only wrongdoers
need to be worried. 

The death penalty should be an option for the most serious crimes. 

In a civilised society, one must always have people above to be obeyed and
people below to be commanded. 

Abstract art that doesn't represent anything shouldn't be considered art at
all. 

In criminal justice, punishment should be more important than rehabilitation. 

It is a waste of time to try to rehabilitate some criminals. 

The businessman and the manufacturer are more important than the writer and the
artist. 

Mothers may have careers, but their first duty is to be homemakers. 

On environmental issues, thinking globally and acting locally is a basically
good idea. 

Making peace with the establishment is an important aspect of maturity.


Religion
========

Astrology accurately explains many things. 

Religion and morality are closely linked. 

Sex outside of marriage is usually immoral. 

Charity is better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely
disadvantaged. 

Some people are naturally unlucky. 

Faith-based schools have a positive role to play in our education system.


Sex
===

A same sex couple in a stable, loving relationship, should not be excluded from
the possibility of child adoption. 

Pornography, depicting consenting adults, should be legal for the adult
population. 

What goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is no business of
the state. 

No one can feel naturally homosexual. 

It's fine for society to be open about sex, but these days it's going too far.
